[RHCLOUD-35780] Make Drawer notifications actionable by adding a link to additional details (#4405)
RedHatInsights/notifications-backend: common-template/src/main/resources/templates/drawer/Vulnerability/newCveSecurityRuleBody.md

> Red Hat Insights has just identified a newly published CVE with the Security rule label. Please review the details of this [CVE]({environment.url}/insights/vulnerability/cves/{data.events[0].payload.reported_cve}?from=notifications&integration=drawer) and affected systems to determine risk and exposure for your organization. Red Hat recommends treating this issue with high priority to protect your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RRed Hat Lightspeed identified a newly published CVE with the security rule label. Review the details of [this CVE]({environment.url}/insights/vulnerability/cves/{data.events[0].payload.reported_cve}?from=notifications&integration=drawer) and affected systems to determine risk and exposure for your organization.
```
